latexdiff: add page (#8509)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/latexdiff.md

# latexdiff

> Determine differences between two LaTeX files.
> More information: <https://ctan.org/pkg/latexdiff>.

> - Determine changes between different versions of a LaTeX file (the resulting LaTeX file can be compiled to show differences underlined.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Determine changes between different versions of a LaTeX file (the resulting LaTeX file can be compiled to show differences underlined):
```

`latexdiff {{old.tex}} {{new.tex}} > {{diff.tex}}`

- Determine changes between different versions of a LaTeX file. Differences are highlighted in boldface:

`latexdiff --type=BOLD {{old.tex}} {{new.tex}} > {{diff.tex}}`

> - Determine changes between different versions of a LaTeX file, show minor changes in equations and and both added and deleted graphics:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Determine changes between different versions of a LaTeX file, and display minor changes in equations with both added and deleted graphics:
```
I think this would be better.

Author: okay :)
